g'day guys how is it going it is jared
HD here and welcome to episode number
eleven of the road to ps3 this in fact
is our second last episode as you can
see judging the current squad we only
have one more player topeka and that of
course is the man main man for ps3 slot
on Ibrahimovic so we're going to pick
him up after this game but we still have
to play the game so congratulations nan
jeez you are the longest lasting bronze
player but I jump into the game here we
are versing round red how the guy has
the badge the kids and the name and his
team holy look at that Noah company
village mic on every vampire in center
mid silver schweinsteiger has I'd inform
mullah and Aguero we are going to get
our ass handed to us but I'm we go off
to a great start now lavezzi in the
first minute taking a shot and getting a
goal what a way to start the match
getting a goal so early against such a
great team in the second minute and
second min excuse me right now Van
Persie sent a mediation isn't the ball
and he gets far pretty hard but silver
picks up the ball and he scores an
equalizer unfortunately for my opponent
in the 12th minute David silver I always
seem to have problems against him but
Eden Hazard now scores another all gets
a good save there I don't know how that
didn't go in a very good save from
informal surgery but near swine stagger
off the corner he's gonna cross into
company and company gets a brilliant
header on it left my opponent a very
very good hello in fact crazy good um
but the boys being passed here 29 Jace
two men as man has a shot and let's ease
in the right this when he gets a diving
header what a great goal there from
Lavezzi I'll most the work was done from
nangi to our longest serving bronze
player but we are all tied up now
at two goals a piece and we head into
the sheds at halftime with a much-needed
team talk hopefully that can motivate us
to get back on the attack and win this
match and Lavezzi now is on the ball he
crossed into menace what a great cross
and then a great header from man as the
button and jess is in the right position
to counter on the rebound and we go up
3-2 in the four th minute the halftime
teamtalk has seemed to work and right
now Lucas isn't the ball the 51st minute
past the two lavezzi he crossed into
nangis hits it on the volley but a
brilliant save their from manuel neuer
what a great player he is in right now
in formula is on the ball i have used in
formalin he is amazing people is a beast
through ball there to sergio aguero and
it great save there from the enforcer a
jew and right near mullah here pass it
to schweinsteiger twice take cuts back
in a good tackle but he regains
possession he gets around some sloppy
defending and slots that one home for my
opponent straight into the back of the
net but now I Menace is on the ball he
is an absolute tank he turns around the
defender Roulettes takes a shot off the
rebel Yvette's he gets there to Italy go
up 43 in the 80th minute surely we have
won this game dear what a great golf
from the vet see there what an absolute
tank and right now off the kickoff are
we intercept the ball I'm not sure who
that isn't maybe passed away I'm pretty
sure it is he passed that to Lucas back
to nan Jason Angie's passed away Lucas
Lucas with a short of brilliant save
their from Moya and we win the game
against Real Madrid how the team name
for three with nan geez and lavezzi both
gone and he's getting the goal and
Lavezzi get and a hat-trick what a great
game but that means we are going to pick
up Ibrahimovic record and reese is the
last remaining bronze player he is the
most expensive player in our team and
we're gonna pick him up now so the
cheapest on the market looks like here
65 650,000 in 433 from kidderminster and
we buy him now look at our coins now
we're in there are 57 cases crazy stuff
guys but we have lots on Ibrahimovic he
is going to complete the final piece of
the pie
puzzle which is our squad so we will
have one more match after this episode
episode 12 will be the final episode
that is going to be against my meet
Daniel but it's ben garant HD with
episode number 11 of the road to PSG if
we can hit 20 likes for completing the
squad that would absolutely make my day
and if you guys could subscribe to the
channel that would be bloody amazing but
sweeter HD and have an awesome day guys
I will speak to you tomorrow I'm out
you